added link mdx (#307)
allenai/varnish-legacy: demo/src/pages/Links/page.mdx

---
type: General
title: Link
cols: 2
iconSrc: ./links-14px.svg
---
import defaultDemo from './demo/default.mdx'; // crazy, we must import for the require to work
const mdxs = require.context('./demo', false, /\.(mdx)$/);

> const examples = mdxs.keys().map(mdxs);

Reviewer: What's this?

Author: examples is an array of demos populated my the mdx files in the demo dir

Reviewer: Gotcha, I'm just now following why we have to do this? Do we list all demos (even those not related to Links) in the Links demo?

A comment might be warranted to explain what this is doing, since I haven't seen us do this before in other documentation files.

Author: ill add a comment, but this is a relative directory... looking for demos in the local demo dir

Reviewer: That makes sense. A comment will demystify this :).

## Links

> Varnish has default styles for `a[href]` links and provides a base style `contrastLinkColorStyles`
> for use on dark backgrounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Varnish makes links that use an `<a />` tag look nice by default. These links look nice on light backgrounds. But there's also [a way to make links look nice on dark backgrounds](./link-to-it-here).
```

### Examples

<Examples cols={frontMatter.cols} examples={examples} />

### react-router

> `Varnish` does not depend on `react-router`.  If you wish to use `react-router` in your app, you can
> include [`@allenai/varnish-react-router`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@allenai/varnish-react-router)
> for access to styled router links and other `react-router` dependent components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses `react-router` to handle changing pages on the client, you'll want to install `@allenai/varnish-react-router` and use the APIs provided via that package.
```
